***
This Font may only be used for scan operations using the Anyline SDK. By downloading the Font you explicitly accept the following licence terms. If you do not agree with these terms, we do not permit you to download or use the Font.
If you are using the Font for commercial purposes, please contact hallo@anyline.io to receive further information and support.
***

FONT LICENCE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 1 Grant.
1.1 Licence. The Anyline GmbH grants the Licensee a non-exclusive and nontransferable licence, for internal use with the Anyline® SDK only, for any user to install, load, display, run and make necessary back-up copies of the Font on a single computer for non- commercial and commercial use, subject to and in accordance with the following provisions.
1.2 Access. The Licensee shall supervise the use of the Font, control access to it and keep it secure. The Licensee remains fully responsible at all times for all acts and omissions of anyone it allows to use the Font and for ensuring such person understands and observes this Licence. This responsibility includes without limitation any employee, student, independent contractor or visiting researcher.
1.3 Modifications. The Licensee shall not modify, adapt, disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, translate or otherwise attempt to modify the Font or permit any of these things to happen except as expressly allowed by applicable law governing the rights of software Licensees, unless Anyline GmbH’s prior written consent to vary the restrictions has been obtained. Such consent shall be subject to payment and to such other terms as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances.
1.5 Sub-licensing, etc. The Licensee shall not distribute, sub-Licence, sell, lend, provide access (including without limitation via a public access or internal internet site) to the whole or any part of the Font to, or use it to process the work of, any third party.
1.6 No other licence. Except for the rights expressly set out in this Licence, no licence is granted and all rights, title, interest in and to the Font (including without limitation any patent rights) in all formats and media throughout the world now or hereafter are and shall remain the exclusive property of Anyline GmbH and other rights holders.
2 Warranties and liability
2.1 Errors. The Licensee acknowledges that the Font is provided “as is” and that specific results cannot be expected. Anyline GmbH shall not have any obligations to upgrade, “bug- fix”, provide documentation, support or maintenance services, or provide any information, assistance or consultancy in relation to the Font.
2.2 Disclaimer. No warranty, condition, undertaking or term, express or implied, statutory or otherwise, is given or assumed by Anyline GmbH, including without limitation as to non- infringement or the condition, performance, satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose of the Font and all such warranties, conditions, undertakings and terms are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
 
 2.3 Indemnity. The Licensee shall indemnify the Anyline GmbH and its officers, directors, employees and representatives (together, the “Indemnitees”) against all third party Claims that may be asserted against or suffered by any of the Indemnitees and which relate to the use by the Licensee of any of the Software. “Claims” means all demands, claims and liability (whether criminal or civil, in contract, tort or otherwise) for losses, damages, legal costs and other expenses of any nature whatsoever and all costs and expenses (including without limitation legal costs) incurred in connection therewith.
2.4 Liability of Indemnitees. (a) To the extent that any Indemnitee has any liability in contract, tort, or otherwise under or in connection with this Licence, including any liability for breach of warranty, their liability shall be limited in accordance with the following provisions of this Clause 2.4. (b) The aggregate liability of the Indemnitees shall be limited to the total amount of any Licence Fee; and (c) In no circumstances shall any of the Indemnitees be liable for any loss, damage, costs or expenses of any nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by the Licensee that is (a) of an indirect, special or consequential nature or (b) any loss of profits, revenue, business opportunity or goodwill.
2.5 Saving. Nothing in this Licence excludes any person’s liability to the extent that it may not be so excluded under applicable law.
3 Termination.
3.1 Breach. Anyline GmbH may terminate the Licence by written notice if the Licensee fails to comply with any provision of this Licence.
3.2 Consequences of termination. Upon termination the Licensee shall immediately stop using the Font and shall certify to Anyline GmbH within 5 days that the Licensee has removed all copies from its systems. The expiry or termination of the Licence is without prejudice to any other rights or remedies of either party under the Licence or at law and does not affect any rights or obligations which have arisen or accrued up to and including the date of expiry or termination. Clauses 2, 3 and 4 shall survive termination or expiry.
4 General
4.1 Assignment. The Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer all or any part of this Licence, without Anyline GmbH’s prior written consent.
4.2 Law and jurisdiction. The validity, construction and performance of this Licence shall be governed by Austrian law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Austrian courts to which the parties hereby submit.
4.3 Entire agreement. This Licence constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Anyline GmbH and Licensee relating to the subject matter of this Licence. This Licence cannot be waived or varied except in writing signed by Anyline GmbH. If the whole or any part of a provision of this Licence is void, unenforceable or illegal in a jurisdiction, it is severed for that jurisdiction, unless it alters the basic nature of this Licence or is contrary to public policy.
